Improve LSP0 and LSP14 and LSP17 Specification (#257)
lukso-network/LIPs: LSPs/LSP-14-Ownable2Step.md

- The second call MUST happen AFTER the delay of 100 blocks and within the next 100 blocks from the first `renounceOwnership(..)` call.
- If 200 blocks have passed, the `renounceOwnership(..)` call phase SHOULD reset the process, and a new one will be initated.

**LSP1 Hooks:**

- If the previous owner is a contract that supports [LSP1](./LSP-1-UniversalReceiver.md) interface, SHOULD call the previous owner's [`universalReceiver(...)`] function with the default parameters below on the second renounce ownership call:

  - `typeId`: `keccak256('LSP14OwnershipTransferred_SenderNotification')` > `0xa124442e1cc7b52d8e2ede2787d43527dc1f3ae0de87f50dd03e27a71834f74c`

>   - `data`: The data sent SHOULD be abi encoded and contain the [previous owner](#owner) (`address`) and the new owner (`address`) respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `data`: The data sent SHOULD be abi encoded and contain the [previous owner](#owner) (`address`) and `address(0)` as the new owner (`address`), indicating the contract is not owned by anyone anymore.
  
  > **Note:** implementations COULD define any other _"placeholder"_ address aside of `address(0)` to indicate the contract is not owned anymore.
```
